[Music]
hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really really good in
today's one I am going to taking you
through my twenty twenty morning routine
which is getting up at 5:00 a.m. I
absolutely love having this extra time
in the morning because it means I get to
like have a bit of self-care time and
just really sets the tone for a good and
organized productive day so I'm using
this alarm called alarm eat which you
just do like a memorize game and it's
like three rounds super easy but it just
means that you can't snooze your alarm
or anything I use this for like over two
years now and it is so helpful so if
you're a snooze that I would really
recommend if you're not really using
this I have really found having a
morning routine has just increased my
productivity so much so I really hope
you get some inspiron motivation or
develop a routine if you don't already
have one so I always start by just out
having a little stretch I'm a complete
zombie if there's times in the morning
when I first wake up and turn all the
lights on I would love it if there was
some natural light at this time but it's
generally super dark obviously in like
the winter months I always start by
making my bed literally that was the
first thing I do
and then Penelope usually comes in she
doesn't actually sleep in here so we
always have some full of cuddles in a
morning then I grew up a 6-minute
Journal which is always exciting my bed
so I can't forget it and it's just like
a gratitude journal which has like how I
make today great and positive
affirmations and three things that will
make today great as well and honestly I
have noticed such a difference in like
my overall positivity and I just think
it's the best way to start your day and
just get your mind thinking as well so
if you don't really haven't obviously
really recommend these I've used mine
for about a year and a half and
my second one and I just got it off
Amazon oh yeah then I'm just pop in my
cozy slippers on and heading on over
into the bathroom I always start by
taking my retainers out and putting them
in like a cleansing water and then going
in with brushing my teeth I always do
this first thing before anything and
then give my face a wash through this
like moisturizing and cleansing lotion
which I'm absolutely loving at the
moment afterwards I head over into my
dressing room also just to let you know
some parts of this video was filmed in
real time and then other in daylight so
there was some actual lighting literally
pitch-black get five in here I'm just
grabbing some eye cream and I always
have to like moisturize my face whenever
I've washed it I'm using the Kiehl's
like avocado I couldn't learn which I'm
absolutely loving it's super super like
moisturizing and I always find in winter
I have much drier skin in like the cold
weather then I'm just using some oil on
my face again it is like eels night one
that I use it very few morning and likes
it's just super own like replenishing
now I'm just grabbing some gym gear I'm
just going with like something plain and
simple white and gray and these both my
protein set and then a do you even top
just getting changed
and then the usual spray in the
deodorant can never forget this oh my
god I absolutely loved these like
pullover crop so their company of things
this one either do you even one and just
love the color and I'm just spraying my
hair with some coconut oil I always do
this like most of the times a day and
spritzing myself or some perfume today
is a filming day so I'm popping on a bit
of makeup some concealer and just making
myself feel more alive and I'm filming
some night work out some stuff in the
gym so yeah I don't always wear makeup
to gym and I definitely wouldn't
recommend X it just breaks your skin out
if you're sweating all the time and then
it was super cold actually
so I'm popping on a cozy jumper and
absolutely love these like : overs going
back down for now if he insists on so
many colors absolutely love morning
cuddles and I always let her out first
for the toilet and then while she's
outside I start making my first coffee
obviously it can't do anything without
having my first coffee
best machine I have ever purchased it's
kind of like a shot but a shot of coffee
so I sitting of that and then I just go
and get my to do this I always do like
my actual to do this the night before
the next day but I just write little
notes or like things that need doing
prioritizing that and then progress to
June I am making myself pre-workout this
is the nineties watermelon flavor I've
ever had and definitely the nicest
tasting pre-workout ever ever I really
struggled to find one that is actually
really yummy and I can just sip like my
whole workout rather than having to like
down in one and giving that a shake sit
sit wait
wait wait okay so yeah I'm just going it
to the gym now obviously fidelity today
is a bad day this is one of my favorite
days I absolutely love training my back
so yeah I'm just going through one of my
workouts this is actually in my guide I
absolutely love working out in the
morning I just think it's the best way
like I feel so accomplished after
workout and those post-workout
endorphins are the best bloke just
really recommend it if you don't
exercise in the morning even if it's
like going for a walk it doesn't
actually weightlifting just sort of find
what you enjoy and definitely do that
for me as well the gym is like the one
time of the day where I'm not thinking
about anything else other than my
workout and if you find like a really
good podcast to like I just got so
invested in that that like the workout
just goes super super quick so if you're
someone who like it doesn't enjoy
exercise that much there's just so many
ways around it and to make it like more
enjoyable so I always stretch as well
after I finished my gym and then I just
get straight into the shower and give
myself a scrub
I'm usually ridiculously sweaty at this
point getting in here but I feel so much
better and then I just go back back in
and get ready for the day today I'm
actually working from home so I'm just
wearing a comfortable clothes and I'm
usually starving too once I've got back
from the gym so I'm having like my first
protein shake of the day whilst like way
before I start making my breakfast and
this sticky toffee flavor is really
really good and then I'm just making
some oats I absolutely love coconut milk
in my oats it just makes it so much
sweeter microwaving that really quick
and and then I'm adding a dash of
cinnamon and some coconut is zero sugar
flavor drops these are all from my
protein and some maple syrup again is he
sugar-free and just tastes delicious
so now I'm just making my second coffee
this is gonna make me feel like I can
fly but I really hope this video is
helpful and gives you some info and
little bits to add into your routine and
give you the motivation if you don't
actually have one at the moment a
morning routine just propels me into
having a more productive day and here
I'm just like sitting down with my
breakfast and coffee and then going
through my to-do list I try and set a
to-do list like the night before and
then I just sort of add to it and that
way I can just feel like much more like
clear-headed I know I need to prioritize
and and then I just go through my emails
I usually have a conversation with Mason
as well and yeah so that brings you to
the end I really hope you enjoyed this
video I was a little bit iffy stuck
around and subscribed to my channel and
I'll see you guys in the next video